[18.0][MIG] project_task_personal_stage_auto_fold (#1549)
OCA/project: project_task_personal_stage_auto_fold/readme/CONFIGURE.md

The task stages "Done" and "Cancelled" must match the same name as the
equivalent personal stages.

> The checkbox “Closing stage” must be checked in the stage configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The checkbox “Folded in Kanban” must be checked in the stage configuration.
```
